bpo-37765: Add keywords to IDLE tab completions (#15138)
python/cpython: Doc/library/idle.rst

See also the indent/dedent region commands on the
:ref:`Format menu <format-menu>`.

.. _completions:

Completions
^^^^^^^^^^^

When available, completions are supplied for filenames and for

> attributes of modules, classes, and functions.  This is usually done

Reviewer: Why 'usually'?

Author: Because if there is only one matching option, tab completion replaces without a box, as explained later.
When revising, I added the exception.

> by displaying a completion box listing existing names.  The name

Reviewer: Lots of 'ing' words here, which may be more difficult for non-English speakers.  Perhaps:
```suggestion
by displaying a completion box that lists existing names.  The name
```

Author: I rewrote the sentence.

being completed and the item highlighted in the box can be changed by
adding and deleting characters, with Up, Down, Page Up, Page Down, Home

> and End keys, and by a single click within the box.  Keys <Escape>,

Reviewer: Here you mention keys without enclosing them in brackets, but in the next line you enclose the keys in brackets.  You also use the `:kbd:` directive below. Was there a reason for using different styles?

Author: I was consistent within sentences ;-).  Habit and history.  The directive translates to `<kbd class="kbd docutils literal notranslate">Backspace</kbd>`.  In my Firefox, this displays a  slightly bold sans serif.  The contrast with normal text depends on whether normal text has serifs or not, and with styling turned on, it does not.  In help.py, the `kbd` tag is not translated, so no contrast.   We should revise that to 'em' (currently italics) or a new tk 'bd' tag.

> <Enter>, and double <Tab> and clicks outside the box close the box.

Reviewer: I think 'close the box' is the point of this sentence, but it gets lost.  It might be clearer to start with that.  Or, alternatively, to reformat this paragraph somehow as a navigation section with bullets or subsections.  Something like 

```
Open the completion list:
Get new completions:
Select a completion:
Close the box:
```

Author: I revised to "Close the box with ...", parallel to previous sentence.  As to structure, we have a 3 dimensions: Open method (wait, hot key, tab), namespace (main, attribute, files), and stage (open select, close), with some cells blank (wait never opens the main namespace) and some entries identical.  The existing order made little sense to me.  I started with select and close because these are common to all open methods and lists.  I made this more explicit.  I follow with the 3 invocation methods and module level completions.

In any case, there are more edits all through the doc and a will wait a day for more comments before merging.

A double click within the box selects and closes.

An attribute completion box will automatically open, if any completions
are available, if one types '.' and waits for a predefined
delay. The delay defaults to 2 seconds and can be set in the settings

> dialog.  If one types os.sep or os.altsep in a string and waits,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dialog.  If one types an :data:`os.sep` or :data:`os.altsep` in a string and waits,
```
